Getting logs from MTV UI (#569)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/migration-plan-options-ui.adoc

Reviewer: - The following appears to be missing a colon after “migration*”:     *Restart migration* Restarts

- "It is recommended to archive the plan first before deleting it, in order to remove temporary resources." I might say, “To remove temporary resources, archive the plan first before deleting it."

- The plan's *Status* changes to *Running* and migration's progress is displayed.  The sentence changed to passive voice.  That’s fine if you feel it’s awkward or incorrect to change it back to active.  If you leave the sentence as is, you might add “the” (“the migration’s progress…”)

- "The link on the left indicates whether the migration failed, succeeded, or is ongoing and reports the number of VMs whose migration succeeded, failed, or was canceled."  I'd break up the sentence, "The link on the left indicates whether the migration failed, succeeded, or is ongoing. It also reports the number of VMs whose migration succeeded, failed, or was canceled."

- "The most common reasons for this are:" Ok with our standards if we lead into a list with “are:”?

Author: @nunzy1 Turns out that the IBM Style Guide's general rule is that lead-ins to lists should be complete sentences. The rule doesn't apply to marketing materials. Thanks for pointing out the issue.

On the *Plans for virtualization* page of the {ocp} web console, you can click the {kebab} beside a migration plan to access the following options:

> * *Edit Plan*: Edit the details of a migration plan. You cannot edit a migration plan while it is running or after it has completed successfully.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Edit Plan*: Edit the details of a migration plan. You cannot edit a migration plan while it is running,
 or after it has completed successfully.
```

Use a comma before ‘or’ if it connects two independent clauses (unless they are closely connected and short)

Author: Fixed.

> * *Edit Plan*: Edit the details of a migration plan. You cannot edit a migration plan while it is running or after it has completed successfully.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Edit Plan*: Edit the details of a migration plan. You cannot edit a migration plan while it is running or after it has been completed successfully.
```
Use auxiliary verbs for verb specificity.

Author: Fixed.

> * *Edit Plan*: Edit the details of a migration plan. You cannot edit a migration plan while it is running, or after it has been completed successfully.

Reviewer 3: "Edit Plan"  - not sure if it was ever implemented like this,  but for now this is not accurate since this Edit plan option within the menu is always enabled once the plan was created.
That's the standard for the console and once clicked, you are referred to plan details page. 

What's correct is that if the plan is still running/completed successfully, then the following specific plan's properties should not be editable, only view mode:

1. All properties under the plan details tab -> `Settings` section (e.g.  warm/cold migration, Target namespace, Disk decryption passphrases,  Transfer Network , Preserve static IPs, Preserve CPU model etc...)
2. . The plan's mapping under the `Mappings` tab
4.  The hooks under the `Hooks` tab.

Note that removing VMs for a running plan under the `Virtual Machines'` tab -  is still allowed.

* *Start migration*: Active only if relevant.

> * *Restart migration* Restarts a migration that was interrupted. Before choosing this option, make sure there are no error messages. If there are, you need to edit the plan.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* *Restart migration*: Restarts a migration that was interrupted. Before choosing this option, make sure there are no error messages. If there are, you need to edit the plan.
```

Author: I've already given them an instruction (and a reason for it).

* *Cutover*: Warm migrations only. Active only if relevant.

> * *Cancel scheduled cutover*: Cancel a scheduled cutover migration for a warm migration plan. Active only if relevant.

Reviewer 3: This "Cancel scheduled cutover" menu option  doesn't exist. It's now available via the cutover popup menu:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/be3da5e1-bf4a-4874-ad81-9b4b814b9fe3)

Author: Fixed.

* *Duplicate Plan*: Create a new migration plan with the same virtual machines (VMs), parameters, mappings, and hooks as an existing plan. You can use this feature for the following tasks:

** Migrate VMs to a different namespace.
** Edit an archived migration plan.
** Edit a migration plan with a different status, for example, failed, canceled, running, critical, or ready.

> * *Archive Plan*: Delete the logs, history, and metadata of a migration plan. The plan cannot be edited or restarted. It can only be viewed.

Reviewer 3: " *Archive Plan*:  ......The plan cannot be edited or restarted. It can only be viewed". - this is not correct. 
You can edit an archived plan for now. Need to check  if we want to avoid that but currently it's possible.

Reviewer 3: Taking it back, 
The current status is that an archived plan can be partially edited, but this seems wrong. 
We'll fix that as a bug.
So the right behavior is that an archived plan can be only viewed, duplicated or deleted.

+
[NOTE]
====
*Archive Plan* is irreversible. However, you can duplicate an archived plan.
====

> * *Delete Plan*: Permanently remove a migration plan. You cannot delete a running migration plan.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* *Delete Plan*: Permanently remove a migration plan. Note that you cannot delete a running migration plan.
```

Author: @mpershina I don't think adding "Note that" adds anything here.

Reviewer 4: Absolutely :-) You can ignore it if you think it's unnecessary :-) For me it just seemed like a natural flow of words, that's why I suggested it.

+
[NOTE]
====
*Delete Plan* is irreversible.

> Deleting a migration plan does not remove temporary resources. It is recommended to archive the plan first before deleting it, in order to remove temporary resources.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Deleting a migration plan does not remove temporary resources. To remove these resources, archive the plan first.
```

Author: @mpershina Did you see Nunzy's comment on this?

Reviewer 4: Nope, went straight to the review :-D

Reviewer 4: Ah, I see, almost the same wording. I just think that "before deleting it" can be dropped since "first" already indicates that this action should be performed prior to deleting. However, I think it's just one's preference, so feel free to ignore my comment :-)

On the *Plans for virtualization* page of the {ocp} web console, you can click the {kebab} beside a migration plan to access the following options:

* *Edit Plan*: Edit the details of a migration plan. If the plan is running, or it has been completed successfully, the following options cannot be edited:

> ** All properties on the *Settings* section of the *Plan details* page. For example, warm or cold migration, target namespace, and preserve static IPs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** All properties on the *Settings* section of the *Plan details* page. For example, warm or cold migration, target namespace, and preserved static IPs.
```
this reads like a syntax error

Author: Fixed.

Reviewer: Maybe change "If the plan is running, or it has been completed successfully, the following options cannot be edited:"  to "If the plan is running or has completed successfully, you cannot edit the following options:"

** The plan's mapping on the *Mappings* tab.
** The hooks listed on the *Hooks* tab.

* *Start migration*: Active only if relevant.
* *Restart migration*: Restart a migration that was interrupted. Before choosing this option, make sure there are no error messages. If there are, you need to edit the plan.

> * *Cutover*: Warm migrations only. Active only if relevant. Clicking *Cutover* opens the the *Cutover* window, which supports the following options:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Cutover*: Warm migrations only. Active only if relevant. Clicking *Cutover* opens the *Cutover* window, which supports the following options:
```

Author: Fixed.

> ** *Set cutover* Set the date and time for a cutover.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** *Set cutover*: Set the date and time for a cutover.
```
earlier lines have used this format

> ** *Remove cutover*  Cancel a scheduled cutover. Active only if relevant.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** *Remove cutover*:  Cancel a scheduled cutover. Active only if relevant.
```
earlier and later lines use this format

* *Duplicate Plan*: Create a new migration plan with the same virtual machines (VMs), parameters, mappings, and hooks as an existing plan. You can use this feature for the following tasks:

** Migrate VMs to a different namespace.
** Edit an archived migration plan.
** Edit a migration plan with a different status, for example, failed, canceled, running, critical, or ready.

> * *Archive Plan*: Delete the logs, history, and metadata of a migration plan. The plan cannot be edited or restarted. It can only be viewed. duplicated, or deleted.

Author: Fixed.

On the *Plans for virtualization* page of the {ocp} web console, you can click the {kebab} beside a migration plan to access the following options:

* *Edit Plan*: Edit the details of a migration plan. If the plan is running, or it has been completed successfully, the following options cannot be edited:

** All properties on the *Settings* section of the *Plan details* page. For example, warm or cold migration, target namespace, and preserve static IPs.
** The plan's mapping on the *Mappings* tab.
** The hooks listed on the *Hooks* tab.

* *Start migration*: Active only if relevant.
* *Restart migration*: Restart a migration that was interrupted. Before choosing this option, make sure there are no error messages. If there are, you need to edit the plan.
* *Cutover*: Warm migrations only. Active only if relevant. Clicking *Cutover* opens the the *Cutover* window, which supports the following options:

** *Set cutover* Set the date and time for a cutover.
** *Remove cutover* Remove a planned cutover.

> * *Cancel scheduled cutover*: Cancel a scheduled cutover migration for a warm migration plan. Active only if relevant.

Reviewer 3: The `Remove cutover` and `Cancel scheduled cutover` options are actually the same.
When clicking on the `Remove cutover` action, you are actually canceling it. 
there is no `Cancel scheduled cutover` button. I would change it to:

 *Remove cutover*: Cancel a scheduled cutover migration for a warm migration plan. Active only if relevant.

Author: Fixed -- shortened the description since the context is already a warm migration.
